---
date: 2007.09.11
backgroundColor: '#CCCCCC'
---

\>>  
Siberia 2007.09.11tu 22:00 CST4hours @ Funky Buddha VIP, Chicago  

Slava...  
no setlist  

Coyote DG...  
no setlist  

m50 v Slow Children...  
m50's selections:  
Kit Clayton : Pattern Matching : $x=$moles\*$avocadoes; : Background  
Carl Craig : Clear & Present : Clear & Present : Open  
Luciano : Bla Bla Bla : \[split\] : Diamonds & Pearls  
Roy Davis Jr : About Love (Isolee "Black And White" Mix) : About Love Remixes : Classic  
D5 : Run : Neutrino EP : Delsin  
Misc. : The Magic Number (M. Schaffhäuser Remix) : Rocket Skating Remixed : Sender  
Mouse On Mars : Cache Coeur Naïf : Cache Coeur Naïf : Thrill Jockey  
Mr. Oizo : Last Night A DJ Killed My Dog (Lnadjkmd Rmx) : Last Night A DJ Killed My Dog : F Com  
G-Man : ? : \[untitled\] : ~swim  
Detroit Grand Pubahs : Blind Date W/Dr. Bootygrabber : Blind Date W/ Dr. Bootygrabber : Logistic  

slow children's side of the moon:  
freude am tanzen - adolf noise - bäume strahlen stress aus (robag wruhme remix)  
just recordings - pigon - auf und ab  
philpot- dj koze - cicely  
bpitch control - paul kalkbrenner - steinbeisser (remixed by wighnomy borthers)  
mo's ferry - joko13 - salami tactics  
swayzak recordings - swayzak - so cheap  
freude am tanzen - douglas greed - ille und soeren  
kickboxer - ekkohaus - down with the boys  
num - lee van dowski - the last bounce (matt star remix)  
ware - mathias schaffhauser - dear elliott (schaffhauser's 200 & 6 mix)  

thanks to slava and oleg for having me out and being incredibly supportive. thanks to ana + melena for coming out, and to galina for supporting. recording is just of the tag team set at the end, missed grabbing coyote dg & slava's sets. mason dixon did visuals on the night. one of ravi's dancers (I'm blanking on the name) barbacked the night. thanks for garo and the girls from florida for coming out too.