---
date: 2007.05.16
backgroundColor: '#FF9999'
---

\>>

[open m50.net in new window  
](http://m50.net/)[96kbps streaming audio](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.05.16\(96\).ra)  
mp3 audio download  
[part 1](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.05.16pt0b\(96\).mp3) [part 2](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.05.16pt1\(96\).mp3) [part 3](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.05.16pt2\(96\).mp3)

2007.05.16we 21:00 CST (7hours, Daft Pankow, Micromusic)  

Chris Lattner...  
no setlist  

50...  

Area

Missing A Few / Wildau

\[unreleased\]

Thomas Gwosdz

Ganz Toll

Gesellenstuecke

Schnittstelle

Theo Parrish

Dusty Cabinets

Pieces of a Paradox

Sound Signature

Greg Davis

Deterior

Diaphanous

Lux Nigra

HRK

System Error (Thomas Fehlmann Remix)

System Error

Joint

Maurizio

Domina (Maurizio Mix)

Domina

M

Mathew Jonson

Magic Through Music

Typerope

Itiswhatitis

PToile

You Little Birds (Area Watch Mix)

\[unreleased\]

Redshape

Pink Dust

Telefunk

Stryax Leaves

Recloose

Can't Take It (Herbert's Some Dumb Dub)

Can't Take It (Remixes)

Planet E

Carl Craig

Sandstorms

Just Another Day

Planet E

Maurizio

Domina (C Craig's Mind Mix)

Domina

M

DBX

Losing Control (Richie Hawtin Remix)

Losing Control (Remixes)

Peacefrog

Triton

Green II

Green

Zer0 G Sounds

Area

Cream Puff

Hope

\[unreleased\]

3 Channels

Aphasie

\[split\]

Trenton

Audion

Fred's Bells

Noiser

Spectral Sound

Steve Poindexter

Maniac (Lost Meaning Version by Area)

Maniac (Unreleased & Reworked)

Mathematics

Common Factor

Positive Visual

Expanded

Planet E

Nuel

Sponge (Berovic + Leicher Remix)

Clinique EP

Schallschnelle

Audion

Noiser (Area Rerub)

\[unreleased\]

Audion

Noiser

Noiser

Spectral Sound

Jacen Solo

808 Dreams

Forbidden Medicine

Ai


Nvelope...  
no setlist  

Chris Lattner v Nvelope v m50...  
m50 setlist:  

Audion

Mouth To Mouth (Mantap mix by Heartthrob)

Mouth To Mouth Remixes

Spectral Sound

Johnny Wagner

Intercity (Daniel Stefanik Remix)

Intercity

Trenton

Area

Minimal Booty

\[unreleased\]

Mathew Jonson

Spanish (Hrdvsion Remix)

Sick Me

Wagon Repair

Luciano

Drunken Ballet

\[unreleased\]

Ostgut

oi, where to even start. this was a great night. started off hanging out with multipara, who kindly showed me over to the venue through the park under the quickly darkening sky, with the rain just starting in as well. it seemed forboding, but it turned out not to hurt our attendance too much (who knows? maybe it would've gone even BETTER in better weather.) the bartender there was a friendly guy who's name I unfortunately forget; thanks to porn sword tobacco for coming out, to multipara for keeping me company throughout the night, hello to the two vancouver drumnbass promoters (djs? producers?) who said hello, thanks to all the friendly germans who hung out, thanks to the young couple having clothed sex on the couch, thanks of course to ralf and christian who were excellent hosts and djs throughout the night. as you can tell above, the night was finished out with a tag team set, originally between chris and I, then all three, and then chris and ralf. the evening ended up going about an hour longer than expected, then we headed over to club maria to see the end of pikaya (I think?)'s live set, then sweet n candy live, then reynold djing, then markus muller live (it was really neat to get to meet all of the performers and hang out a bit before / after their sets.) the vibe of the performances was generally a laid-back timeframe and not too-uptight sets, the audience was a bit robotic at first but once sam & his french contingent came through it felt like a wildly extravagant private party. also met jeff samuel's roommate, which seemed appropriate for the triple encore of jeff's lost during sam's set, which closed out the evening after markus' PA. then I went to bed.  
so far I've only posted the set from chris's last track & where I start till the end. chris lattner's opening set will be up soon, it's just on a different disc.