---
date: 2013.09.27
backgroundColor: '#FFFFFF'
---

etc 2013.09.27fr 22:00 @ [WNUR](http://www.wnur.org/), Evanston-Chicago  

Keter Darker, Radius...  
Keter Darker selections:  
Cycle 2- Olivia Tremor Control  
The Dawning -Krush Love  
Exit wounds-Burial \[vocals over this track are professional Storyteller Michael D. McCarty with his story "Vindication" you can find Mike @ havemouthwillrunit.com\]  
Hidden Shadows- Herbie Hancock \[ with continued vocals from Michael McCarty/"Vindication"\]  
Gunner- Krush Love  
Air and Lack thereof- James Blake  
Turquoise hexagon sun- Boards of Canada  
Wait- Jane  
Kaini industries- Boards of Canada  
Kalakuta Show- Fela Kuit  
Shut um down - Gil Scott Heron  
45:33 \[theo parrish's space cadet remix\] - LCD soundsystem  
Come and play in the milky night - Stereolab  
Good Hold - Toro Y Moi  
Yoshimi Battle the Pink Robots Pt. 2 - The Flaming Lips  
Sea Legs- El-P and Killer Mike  
Back End- Viktor Vaughn  
Ohm- Saul Williams  
Brownies Ft. Keter Darker/Lailah Reich- Beyond Luck  
Slow Horn- Antipop Consortium Vs. Mathew Shipp \[with vocals from Dr. Vandana Shiva\]  
Break for Radius live set  
I can't remember the name of the track but it is Janis Joplin  
Plastic Pattern People- Gil Scott Heron  
20 Wave Caps ft. Domo Genesis - Earl Sweatshirt  
Rastafari is- Peter Tosh  
Places I've never Been- Antipop Consortium Vs. Matthew Shipp  
What Goes on part 7 - The Roots  
IFHY- Tyler The Creator  
Its Because -Carlos Nilmmns and Ian Elgey  
The Veil ft. Keter Darker- youAND:THEMACHINES  
Om Nia America - Saul Williams  
Reunited - Wu Tang  
Sound of da Police- KRS ONE  
End of Show but here is the rest of my play list  
Meat Grinder - Madvillain  
Obsolete - The Orphanage Illogic, Slug, Aesop Rock, Blueprint and Eyedea  
Now - Eyedea and Abilities  
Fuck the police - Jay Dee  
Caladan - Grimes  
Distant lights kode9 remix- Burial  
Daftendirekt - Daft Punk  
Diamond- youAND:THEMACHINES  
Classics - Beyond Luck ft. Pugs Atomz  
We have a map of the piano -Mum  
Black Hand side- Pharoahe Monch ft. Styles Phonte