---
date: 2018.07.13
backgroundColor: '#FFCC99'
---

etc 2018.07.13fr 23:00-03:00 @ [WNUR](http://www.wnur.org/), Evanston-Chicago  

17 vinyl records, mixed by DJ Lgcc...  
Chandeliers - A-side exerpt  
Lithops - Penrose Avenue  
M. Geddes Gengras - Night Work  
K-Rad - Teeth $ Oats  
Psychic Reality - Fanta  
Mi Ami - Towers Fall  
Alder and Elius - Digital Toddler  
Frank Rosaly - Truce  
Sun Araw, M. Geddes Gengras & The Congos - New Binghi  
Tinariwen - Imidiwan Ma Tenam (Gypsyphonic / Bobby Mac Remix)  
Tom Thayer - Seven Animals  
Lobisomem - Dhegiha Group  
Rene Hl. - Bending (Voice)  
Nobukazu Takemura - At Lake Yogo  
Michael Perkins - Esteban II  
Co La - Wanna Say Faux  
Sharkula - Army HoDown  

m50...  
Djrum : Plead With Me : The Session : Smokin' Sessions  

Wagner & Schwabe...  
no setlist  

on DJ Lgcc's set:  
Reckless Records is a bit of a Chicago institution. Since its first location opened in 1989, it’s been an instrumental outlet for alternative music of all sorts in Chicago. Its size and multiple locations means it’s a natural place for touring bands to put their records on consignment, leading to a treasure-trove of short-run records and obscure niche releases.  

Upon my arrival in Chicago just after the turn of the 21st century, Reckless became a bit of a home-away-from home for me, feeding my insatiable need to hear Fischerspooner, Fela Kuti, and Fed By Ravens in the same stack of music. While Reckless may be the place to go for everything indie and avant, it has a certain accessibility that can often escapes niche-music shops. Many of the records and CDs in Reckless come with small description stickers, some with a paragraph or more of information about the release contained within - for me, this encouraged more ‘blind purchases’, and as a result, each visit to Reckless was like opening a gift box. The records in this mix were selected from my many visits to Reckless Records over the years, with these particular selections coming heavily from the Experimental Electronic section of the shop.