---
date: 2005.08.18
backgroundColor: '#CCCCCC'
---

\>> A Hot Hooray Release Party 2005.Aug.18th 21:00 CST5hours @ [Sonotheque](http://www.sonotheque.org/), Chicagom50...  
(set in no particular order...)  
Zachary Lubin : Love Function : Controllability : 6277  
Schubert : \[b2\] : Ghost Notes : Statik Entertainment  
AFX : Halibut Acid : Analord 04 : Rephlex  
Swayzak vs Theorem : Break In At Apartment 205 : Break In At Apartment 205 : M\_nus  
Elleinad : Low Ceiling (Elevated By Area) : \[unreleased\]  
Anders Ilar : Gramineous Glow : Treasure Gardens EP : Echocord  
Matthew Dear : Pantytec Interpretation : Dog Days : Ghostly International  
Alter Ego : Robag Wruhme's Handkas Mit Musikk Tremixx : Daktari : Klang Elektronik  
Gescom : \[f2\] : Keynell : SKAM  
Miles Tilmann : Middle Fields : 3d Concepts : Toytronic  
Jacen Solo : Encounter : Forbidden Medicine EP : Ai  
Yard : Adam Johnson Haunting Neal's Yard Remix : Bloom : Narita  
John Arnold : Rough : Rewind! 3 : Ubiquity  
AFX : Steppingfilter 101 : Analord 01 : Rephlex  
Pub : Lick : Lick / Lunch : Ampoule  
Son.Sine : Upekah : \[untitled\] : Nurture  
Aphex Twin : Nannou : Windowlicker : WARP  
Kate Simko : Rhodes Relejades : \[untitled\] : Antenna International  
Machinedrum : Hello My Future : Now You Know : Merck  
Chok Rock : Buzz : Big City Loser : WARP  
Gescom : TR2A : Iss:sa : SKAM  
Metope : 33 : Kobol : Areal  
Atomly : Ask : Bad Beat : Atomiq  
Takeshi Muto : Mello.me : Flipped & Squashed : Schematic  
L'usine : These Things : Inside / Out : Ghostly International  
Richie Hawtin : (r)edit #1 (freek'd) : Closer To The (r)edit : M\_nus  
Skugge & Stavöstrand : Move, Run, Fly : Ängel : Onitor  
Apparat : Hot : Can't Computerize It : BPitch Control  
Sascha Funke : To Be : Boy : BPitch Control  
Paul Kalkbrenner : Gebrün Gebrünn : Tatü-Tata : BPitch Control  
Le Dust Sucker : Lick Lick : Lick Lick : Plong!  
Schnieder TM vs KPT.Michi.Gan : The Light 3000 : Binokular : City Slang  

Kate Simko...  

Kate Simko...  


Oly...  


m50...  


Atomly...  


m50...  


I seriously am going to figure out what I played and in what order this evening, some day. Probably at the same time as I post the set. The interesting thing about the first session is that it was an impromptu soundtrack to Jin-Roh (thanks Jennifer). It didn't help the continuity of the set, but it certainly made it more emotional and varied. Some very syncrhonistic aspects of the pairing came during the Robag Wruhme vs Alter Ego part, where sometimes the big bangs in the track would co-incide with the soldiers being shot during the urban room-clearing exercises, and the beat of hello my future dropping at the moment of the kiss. Kate's set started just as the movie was ending, and had some unintentionally ironic lyrical twists (such as baby don't cry, dry your eyes) at the finale of the film. The set gets a grey background since Kevin from Danny's and Milena were both at the night, but thanks to Oly for having me down, thanks to Tiffany and Jenny, and Dave for coming out as well. Remind me if I'm leaving you out.