---
date: 2007.03.17
backgroundColor: '#FFFFFF'
---

\>>

[open m50.net in new window  
](http://m50.net/)[64kbps streaming audio](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.03.17\(64\).ra)  
mp3 audio download  
[part 1](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.03.17pt1\(64\).mp3) [part 2](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.03.17pt2\(64\).mp3) [part 3](http://m50.net/streamed/2007.03.17pt3\(64\).mp3)

2007.03.17fr 20:30 CST (4hours, Acme Art Works, USSF Preparty)  

m50...  

Aphilas

Remain Solid

Instrumentally Ill

Merck

????







Dabrye

With A Professional

One/Three

Ghostly International

Tycho

Sunrise Projector (Nautilus Remix)

Past Is Prologue Sampler

Merck

Deceptikon

Mourning Logic

Greater Cascadia

Merck

Shake



Mr Shake's Beat Store

Klang Elektronik

Deceptikon

Almond Groves

Greater Cascadia

Merck

Shake



Mr Shake's Beat Store

Klang Elektronik

Deceptikon

Cursive Swing

Greater Cascadia

Merck

Xela

My Rap

Dosage

Merck

Ko-Wreck Technique



Ko-Wrection EP

WARP

Run DMC

Hard Times

Hard Times

Profile

Common Factor



Expanded EP

Planet E

Lopazz

Migracion (Luciano's Camaleon Rmx)

Migracion RMX

Get Physical

Propaganda

And Dance (edit)

Historical Archives Volume 2

Members Only

John Arnold

Broken

Neighborhood Science

Ubiquity







Ubiquity









Common Factor

Get Down

Expanded EP

Planet E











































































































































this was a kind of fun set. it was funny because it was a gallery space as well, and the lights were plugged in to the ceiling with no switches to be found, so the lights were at full power the whole time. this mostly detered folks from dancing, but not entirely, and there were little boogie circles going during some of the most unlikely moments (folks really started getting down right around where I was playing all the push button objects tunes - I find that sometimes a big changeup of tempo can grab people's attention.) I also reconfirmed that my key demographic is older black folks (mostly men) and younger latinas. I wonder what this means. I had a strange experience going to my car on the way to the gig, I parked over on Roger's (I think that's the street, the diagonal one) and my car was \*moved\* from where I'd parked it the night before. Not moved a lot, but back a little and much more diagonal than where I'd parked it (I'd parked roiughly parallel to the curb. I was terribly concerned walking up to it that maybe someone had hit it and bumped it forcefully out of place, but it seemed to be completely intact. my tip jar idea didn't really work well - just got one snickery comment early on, but I did find 5c on the floor on my way out. so there! there was a woman there who looked just like amy olsen from cumberland and the guy who was lending the sound gear looked like tamas but with dreds and a couple shades darker.